=Eclipse setup=


Instruction to setup project in Eclipse


= Details =

1/ File/New -> Java Project, uncheck default location and select the dir where you have the c:\trade-manager , select finish.

2/ Select trade-manager project from the Package Ex tab tree, right click and select properties.

3/ Select Java Build Path in the Source Tab Add Folder (expand core/trade tree item) core/src, core/test, trade/src, trade/test, /config,  /strategies. Select Libraries Tab and Add Jars add all the jars in the /lib dir. Select External jars and add the tools.jar from the JDK/lib dir. Select Library button select JUnit and Next then select JUnit4 from the dropdown Finish.

4/ Select from top menu Project, Clean, select trade-manager project Ok this will build the project.

5/ Select Run/Run Configurations select or create a TradeAppMain project Name trade-manager, Main class org.trade.ui.TradeAppMain . Select arguments tab and add VM arg -Duser.timezone=EST5EDT -Dlog4j.configuration=file:"config.properties", where the timezone is your local server (p.c) timezone.

6/ From the package tree select trade-manager/trade/src/org.trade.ui.TradeAppMain and the Run button on the tool bar next to the bug button(debug) this should run the application.

Or to import directly from Git repository.

1/ In Eclipse select File/Import select Git/Projects from Git -> Next select URI

2/ Enter URI: https://code.google.com/p/trade-manager/ -> next check master.

3/ Enter your new project directory (i.e. C:\Users\Default\Documents\JavaProjects\trade-manager) -> next select Use New Project wizard, select Finished.

4/ Select Java Project enter project name trade-manager.

5/ Complete steps 2 through 6 above.